Hmph, I take him as a good brother, he may not be
Well, there must be a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding What misunderstanding can I have with him?
I've been so good to him since I was a kid
Then the waiter was also ordered by him.
I have looked for it in the leader
That person is gone
What's going on?
So I ask you, who did you tell?
I didn't tell
cocoa
The banquet hall that night
I was tempted by Xu Jinchuan
I let you two go to the wrong room
Just let you two
Xiaoke
Really? Why would you do that?
Did you already know?
It doesn't matter who you are
I would like to discuss a cooperation with you.
Sorry, I'm not interested, I have something to go first
When it's done 500,000
I know you just went to court